Roberto
Another story: A friend of mine was living with a girl he met on Craigslist, a nice liberal-arts-y type who was studying social work.
She had two pet shih tzus a momma dog and the smallest puppy from a litter the momma had birthed months before.
My friend and the roommate had been living together in relative peace for a while when one day he left
the door open while bringing in some stuff from Safeway.
The momma dog ran out the front door and was quickly hit and killed by a neighbor's car.
The cops came quickly and they forgot that they had left a POUND of weed out in the open.
They used my security deposit on bail and the girl apparently snapped and had a mental breakdown of some sort.
She accused me of being a cop because on my license I used to live on a street that ended with 'Court.
So she apparently thought I lived in a courthouse or some shit.
I noped out as soon as I could and found my own place.